# project2.0

Big picture
This website has coupons and clothes varied over multiple sites so the customer can actually save money. The customer can save money by having access to the coupons and they will also be able to save money by comparing the same product over multiple brands.

First round

In order to accomplish this project one would have to make a template for the website, this will require Javascript, CSS, and HTML. Javascript is the backend of the website For example, the Javascript program would make a click of a button to take the user to another page. CSS, meaning Cascading Style Sheets, is the program used for the frontend. This frontend program is used to aid the website’s appearance. Lastly the HTML,which means Hypertext Markup Language, is where each of those programming languages are stored. In order for this website to maintain itself, the Javascript will contain an API which will lead to the database. An API is an Application Programming interface. APIs are used when one wants to give or take information from a database. It works similar to a waiter’s job in a restaurant, the waiter gets the details and give it to the chef. Soon when the waiter returns back, they will have the food and the customer gets their meal. In order to accomplish this, the APIs are used to access the stores database, so the web page will present the correct information for the user. Also as long as the API is active, all the changes from that database will be transmitted through it. Once the API is activated the website will have all the correct information on it. Additionally, another database is necessary because the information from the different stores will be paired with the knowledge from the database, which contains coupons. The coupons shall be automatically accessible but the user could turn the coupons off option at anytime. If one had the coupons enabled and they forgot to find the one available, there would be a mini window to help them search for potential coupons. If there is a situation that has no coupons the user will be notified and redirected to the payment screen. As one could tell that Javascript, CSS, and HTML forms a triad of cornerstone technologies for the World Wide Web because they work magnificently together. 

Test Plan

After completion of the first round. The user will be able to buy clothes from multiple stores online. The user will also be able to select a varied amount of coupons offered for the particular item. In Conclusion, with the creation of this website, One can afford a pair of one-of-a-kind custom shoes and they can also buy the vibrant yellow jumpsuit. One can ball on a budget during any holiday or ceremony, while on using this website. With this completed website one can make their one does not have to decide over two or more objects.
